detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a crime film called mother
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
a middle-aged woman walks through a
field of grass suddenly
she begins to dance and a tormented look
slowly creeps to her face
sometime before the woman goes on with
her daily life as she works in her
herbal medicine store
one afternoon she witnesses her son get
hit by a car
spurring her to rush and check if he's
okay dojun is extremely distressed
and after his mother frantically helps
him up he yells at her to go back to the
store
despite his mother's worried protests he
runs away and gets in a car with his
friend
gintay who's set on getting revenge
together
they follow the car to a local golf
course where they search for the black
mercedes-benz
upon finding the car jean tay delivers a
flying kick to its side mirror breaking
it
dojun tries to copy his friend only to
fail clumsily
while waiting for the owner the two hang
around the golf course
gintay guesses that dojoon doesn't even
remember why they're there
and sure enough dojun is distracted by
all the golf balls he's collecting
when jin tae wonders aloud what his
mother sees in him do jun remembers that
he got hit by a car and that they're
there for revenge just then
a small trolley comes up and the two
young men chase after it
they hide in the bushes for an ambush
until dojun suddenly appears in front of
the approaching trolley
though he's equipped with a branch that
he doesn't know what to do with he ends
up chickening out
gintay is disappointed in him and he
takes matters into his own hands
he chases after the trolley demands them
to stop then antagonizes the group of
middle-aged golfers using their own golf
club
while gintay's sizing them up to find
out who the driver is though june joins
the fray
they all end up flailing together on the
ground soon after
at the police station j moon the officer
in charge
speaks with a group of men who are
actually respected professors
he suggests that they arrange for a
settlement as the appropriate legal
action since the two boys were never
juvenile offenders
they're just local kids however they
have to pay for the broken side mirror
knowing that do june's already forgotten
about what happened gintay asks him why
he broke the mirror
sure enough dojoon who was busy writing
his name on a golf ball
starts believing that he did it one of
the professors mocks doe june's
intellectual disability
and just like that something inside him
snapped he tries to assault the man but
the officer holds him back
to jai moon's amusement dojun's mother
arrives at the station
back at dojun's home his mother coddles
and dotes on him
placing the pieces of his food one by
one on his plate dojun
however keeps removing the pieces from
his plate and after asserting that he
can feed himself
he starts eating they then discuss the
payment for the broken side mirror
and dojun tells his mother to borrow
money from gente
dojun's mother warns him to stay away
from that friend of his
saying that he's a rotten fellow dojoon
then abruptly leaves to go see him
before he's able to leave for the bus
dojun's mother rushes in to make him
drink his medication
she feeds him the bowl of medicine
herself all while dojoon is urinating
near the bus stop
but when the bus comes he quickly goes
running after it
doe jun's mother tries to borrow some
money from her friend in exchange for
herbal medicine that would help her
conceive
she even throws in a free acupuncturing
session to go along with it
meanwhile though june is heavily drunk
in a bar while waiting for gintay for a
long time now
hours later dojun has woken up from his
drunken stupor by the bar owner
he then happens upon mina a friend of
his who he flirts with
the bar owner tells mina to go inside
and she snaps a doe june to go away
not having any money to pay for the
drinks ever ridiculous though june
offers some of the golf balls he picked
up earlier as payment
later as he's walking home dojoon sees a
young girl in a student uniform and asks
her if she wants to have a drink with
him
the girl ignores him completely never
wants turning to look at him
when she makes a sharp turn to a dark
alley of an abandoned building
dojoon stops following her but he gets
startled when someone from the alley
throws a rock in his direction
with that dojo decides to leave and
comes home to sleep next to his mother
the following morning muna the girl the
dojo
was following is found dead on the
rooftop of the building she fled to
back in the mother's shop her boss is
chatting her over the lousy quality of
the imports
when she spots the mother's acupuncture
kit poking out of her pocket
she ominously asks if she's performing
acupunctures without a license again
despite the precarious position she's in
the mother keeps looking over her boss's
shoulder to keep watch as an officer
speaks with dojoon across the street
soon enough the officer takes him to his
car causing the mother to panic and run
after them
the driver gets distracted by dojo's
mother and their car ends up getting hit
by a bus
this rattles do june and the policeman
and the mother arrives to see dog
and cuffs later at the police station
dojun is interrogated by the police
their questioning goes nowhere but
they're all convinced that dojun
committed the crime since j
moon found the golf ball with dog june's
name on it next to muno's body
despite the gravity of the situation
dojun remains immensely confused by the
whole thing
and the cops make him sign a confession
that he doesn't even understand
later dojun's mother pleads with jae
moon but he tells her the case is
already closed
serving as proof of their own
incompetence during muna's funeral
dojun's mother attends but is quickly
met with hostility from muna's family
a commotion ensues when do june's mother
tries to tell them that dojun wasn't the
killer as everyone unanimously blames
dojoon for muno's death
this ends with the mother receiving a
harsh slap dojun's mother then tries to
hire a lawyer
but he rejects their case when he meets
dojoon who can't even remember anything
from that night
dojun's mother then begins to suspect
jinte because he was the only other
person who knew about the golf balls
and he didn't even come to meet dojoon
when he was supposed to
do june's mother proceeds to break into
jinte's home to search for evidence
against him
she spots a book of scientific
investigation on his table
and inside his closet she finds the golf
club that gintay took from the golf
course
the golf club has a red mark on it and
the mother is horrified as she believes
it to be blood
before she could leave the house she
hears gintay and mina coming in
so she quickly hides in gintay's closet
the young couple makes love
and together they fall asleep this is
when do june's mother takes the chance
and makes her way out of the house as
discreetly as possible
at the police station dojun's mother is
disappointed when the police declare
that the blood from the golf club was
just a lipstick stain
gintay is even confronted about it but
he's able to clear his name
dojun's mother leaves the police station
feeling cross and hopeless
it's raining heavily that day but she
refuses to take officer j
moon's umbrella a junk collector passes
her and she pays for his umbrella
instead
she then gets picked up by one of her
attorneys men he takes her to a karaoke
bar
where she finds her supposed attorney
drunk and partying with his sleeping
friends
he tells her that the best thing he can
do is to have dough june
institutionalized in a hospital for four
years instead of being in jail for 15
years
when the mother returns home she is
greeted by the evergrim looking gintay
he calmly demands a settlement since she
broke into his house and even tried to
incriminate him
though the mother doesn't have enough
money she gives jinte what she could and
promises to pay him the rest when she
can
before leaving gintay stops to give the
mother some advice
there are only three motives for murder
money passion
and vengeance muna wasn't rich so it had
to be passion or vengeance
he also notes that muna was hoisted for
everyone to see
meaning that the murderer wanted to show
off what he did finally
jin tae sends his sympathies as he
mentions that the police use dojun as a
scapegoat for their incompetence
for his last piece of advice jinte warns
her not to trust anyone
not even him the next day dojun's mother
tries to look for her next lead
she ends up speaking with some school
boys who comment that moon ah was very
promiscuous and that she had the
nickname rice cake girl
she even slept with a guy called crazy
jp who had escaped from a sanatorium
in the prison yard one of the inmates
encourages his friend to mock doe june's
disability
promising that it'll be funny the man
approaches dojoon
who's crouched on the ground while
rubbing his temples rapidly as that's
his thinking and remembering stance
he taunts dojun's disability then backs
off disappointedly when do joon didn't
retaliate
when his back's turned however dojoon
suddenly gives him a flying kick
dojun's face is bruised up when his
deathly worried mother visits him again
she expresses her concern over his poor
body but dojun remains dismissive of her
then he says that he remembered
something after getting beat up
covering the bruised half of his face
dojun tells his mother that he
remembered her trying to kill him with
insecticide when he was just five
the revelation sends his mother
screaming in horror as she feels rot
with guilt
she frantically tries to explain that
she was so desperate at the time that
she wanted to kill the both of them so
they can go together
weekly she offers to use acupuncture to
trigger the right nerve in his thigh so
he can forget all of the horrible
memories
dojun doesn't hear her out and he tells
her not to visit him ever again
dojun's mother then goes to her friend
me seon's photo store to have an old
photo of dojoon restored
during this time he easyon remembers
that moonah once came into her store
with a friend to develop some cell phone
photos but muna suddenly got a nosebleed
before they could do it
with this new lead dojoon's mother
visits muna's friend
who she finds near a bus terminal after
school when the girl's friend tells her
that she can make phone camera silent
the mother asks her to make her silent
too
as the girl tweaks the mother's phone
inside a store she spots two male
students outside
the mother tries to ask about muna's
phone but instead of answering
the girl asks her to buy her a sanitary
pad despite her uncertainty
the mother complies and when she returns
the young girl is gone
the mother follows her to an alleyway
where the students are harassing her in
search of muna's phone
dojones mother catches the attention of
the local worker who happened by
and the worker scares off the two boys
the mother follows the young boys
through town and calls gintay
in an abandoned amusement park dojun
hands jin thai some cash
and she enlists his help gintay then
beats up the two students and
interrogates them
here they find out that muna sleeps with
men in exchange for rice
earning her the nickname rice cake girl
they claim that her phone has photos of
all the men she's slept with and that it
must have contained photos of more than
two dozen men
with this newfound information jinte
surmises to the mother that whoever
killed moon ah must be in one of the
photos
the mother then goes to see muna's
confused and eccentric grandmother
dojun's mother manages to trick the
grandmother into giving her muno's phone
there she sees all of the photos of the
men that moona has slept with
she goes to sidojun who tells her that
he had remembered something
there was an old man the night that
moonau was murdered the mother browses
through the photos until do june
pinpoints who it was
upon seeing the photo the mother notes
that she's seen the man before
he was the junk collector she bought an
umbrella from dojun's mother then goes
to visit the old man in his house
there she poses as a volunteer for a
social workers group
the old man eases up around her and
invites her to have a seat while he
tells her that he's witnessed a terrible
incident lately
she then offers him a free acupuncture
session specifically mentioning that she
can trigger the nerve in his thigh so he
can forget all of his horrible memories
finally the old man starts to reveal
what really happened the night moonah
died
he was settling in the abandoned
building so he can sleep
there he noticed dojun following muna
and when she went to the alley
she suddenly blew up on dojo frustrated
with him
then and the world she ended up tossing
a rock in his direction
then insulted his disability as always
this infuriated him and without thinking
he threw the rock back at her it ended
up hitting her head
and she died from blunt force trauma
this left doe june confused and as the
girls bleeding on the ground
he took her to the building's rooftop at
this point in the story
do june's mother is completely horrified
by the man's account of the events
when he attempts to call the police to
tell them about what happened the mother
becomes blinded by rage
and she ends up killing the old man with
a wrench after coming back to her senses
dojo's mother panics and she tries to
figure out what she should do next
she then burns down the entire house to
cover up the evidence
she moves out of there before it could
burn down then wanders around in the
woods
where she becomes more and more
overwhelmed by everything that has
happened
back at the store the mother is visited
by officer j moon who happily tells her
that they finally
caught the real killer on the car ride
an officer explains that crazy jp was
behind muna's murder
they found bloodstains on his shirt but
jp reasoned that the stains were from a
nose bleed that moonah had while they
were hooking up
jae moon dismissed it as an excuse and
it led to his arrest
dojon's mother asks why they suspect jp
and the police officer says that jp
isn't normal
it is later revealed that crazy jp like
her son
also has an intellectual disability when
do june's mother discovers this
she is moved to tears she asks jp if he
has parents
and to this he shakes his head growing
more distraught
she then asks if he has a mother and jp
seems to not
the mother breaks down now realizing
someone else's mother will be suffering
for the actions of her son though june
dojun is finally released from prison
outside the police station
he is fetched by gente and mina the
three drive over to visit the junk
collector's house
which burned to the ground later dojoon
and his mother talk over lunch
dojoon tells her that he thinks the
reason why crazy jp had put muno's body
up so high for everyone to see was so
someone could notice her bleeding and
help take her to the hospital
dojun's mother sits quietly as she
realizes that this was what dojun was
thinking when he brought muna's body on
the roof
one day dojun's mother goes on a bus
tour set up for parents
dojun buys several things for his mother
for the tour
while waiting for the bus he gives his
mother a gift the mother is astonished
when she sees her acupuncture set
which she left in the junk collector's
house when she killed him
dojo tells her that he found it there
then warns her not to leave it lying
around
filled with a never-ending cycle of
guilt the mother storms off in shock
inside the bus the mothers on the trip
have a dance party and the all while doe
june's mother sits quietly
she takes out her acupuncture set and
pushes it in her thigh
trying to erase all her horrible
memories finally
she stands up and dances along to the
music subscribe to watch more videos
like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
it really helps the channel out
thank you for watching